The NYU Event Scraper retrieves data from the webpage www.events.nyu.edu to provide users with a comprehensive and organized data frame of information about events from the current date to the end of the week (Sunday.) The scraper uses a selenium package to browse and retrieve a webpage using a given link and parses the HTML source code from this webpage using BeautifulSoup to find key information. The program returns a file.csv containing a table with columns: Event Name, Date, Start, End, and links with more information. This is helpful if you don’t want to go through the hassle of going into the NYU events site and looking through multiple different pages. The NYU Events page was used as we are NYU students and wanted to create an easy tool that would make our complicated lives a little easier. To effectively run the program on your local computer/command prompt ensure you have the latest version of Python installed using python -version. This should yield version 3.12 or later, if not navigate to the Python website and install the Python Launcher for the latest version and install the latest version. Next, install the necessary packages using the provided file requirements.txt using the command pip install -r requirements.txt. Finally, simply download the main.py file to a known directory, navigate to this directory, and use the command python main.py to run the program. In the end, you should find a file.csv in the same directory which you can access and view with the necessary information.